so an unknown project
suddenly had time to win wide
spectrum
first game a fatal day studio with
grown out of simple student work
already on saw cut win hearts
tens of thousands of players around the world
unique idea as it usually happens
didn't let down
We offer you a video review
glued jock find work
our main occupation will be nothing
other than the salvation of the world
like that without any pathos of any style
the game is penetrated through gasoline
and links to various creations
cinema gaming industry
literature is about the offense phenomenon
everyday
not here in the relay of these dialogues
but yakunin’s nuts are created its atmosphere
remembered immediately and permanently
passengers played can not be called
swirling it essentially completely
lines
however the wagons of it are on
enough height despite all
Narago go crazy
will happen
the basis of the boy is her fighting
the system here has no inventory in wide
understanding of the word
arm we can only one kind
physical and one kind of magical
weapons magical weapons
every possible lane artistic all about
than you can firmly bang
ravine
I start the source of blades and ending
barish flaming fingers
or even some
crazy devices like
machine gun m 60
in the game as unnecessary also
missing skill and pumping
what's the point of the game is very simple
she is flooded with a long practice
how we will kill depends only on your
fantasy
we will do this by
numerous spells
we have to get a lot
wake up posters with a hail of lightning
throw stones at him
nominate freeze
fence from native walls
click meteor shower
or invoke a black hole
this is perhaps the tenth part of what
allowed us to be up time
the idea is surprisingly simple
the game uses several keys
keyboard
each of them is assigned to either
certain magical element like
for example fire and water ice electricity
or is anything at all to blame
pressing the appropriate
document we add it unlikely constituents
our future spells
at any time filling out
a certain number of cells we
can we have our regular freedom
Anniversary
we will explain
one item will be added
electricity we get small
pskov
but filling the row all the way we will free
loose a whole sheaf of sparks
combining submariners from the ground
and we will get pitch already
cocktail of magical considered
water will give you a point and a little rain
and if they replace the abortion system
flame in waiting for all enemies
and so on
all spells are absolutely
don't try to be logical
use the mole without being from head to toe
retired so short and himself a group
but the look of a crowd of enemies and let it go
discharge is a nice thing
seriously heated by the fact that
the opponent behave differently often
I have to think too hard
to understand which approach should be
choose to destroy
especially food courts bastards or whole
crowds of such bastards
Often this helps a special
combinations with the name given to itself so
called boy letter
they are written in the book which we find by
the course of the game is a great help
despite its bright style in the arena to
games are very difficult
technically the game can pass the time with a point in
reality make it very, very
not easy for this exists
cooperative mode
cooperative passing in this
the game brings no less fun than how about
unpaid fund in the first days after
release
There are only two modes of company and
arena
in the first team of four people
goes through the plot twists and turns
in the second quarter, the price will rise as
possible more time
against the oncoming monster port
being a debut project
magic they escaped some annoying
deficiencies associated with technical
network performance far far from
perfection multiplayer
legal frets of games and sometimes crashes
wired and someone else completely refused
work
graphic design
wonderful
but absolutely not relevant
its unreasonably high system
requirements of similar developers
did not expect such a popularity of the game
but then rushed to rivet patches
while it is worth noting they do it very
successfully the game has great potential
for development you can almost certainly
to say that talent is either
numerous in vain
technical flaws
coping pretty quickly
magic can be recommended
because everybody here is essentially no
profile or genre tied game
unique approach to all and this
undoubted plus will call even greater
success in the future
good luck and see you at the entrance round rub